mommy has lots to explain~ (#63)
Gankra/cargo-mommy: book/src/contributing/releasing.md

    a. [pages-build-deployment](https://github.com/Gankra/cargo-mommy/actions/workflows/pages/pages-build-deployment) will spawn
    b. [the live website will update](https://faultlore.com/cargo-mommy/)

Note that steps 3 and 4 trigger on all pushes to main, so updating docs doesn't require a new release~

## Updating The Release Process

The cargo-release step was created by hand-copying some config values that Gankra likes to use in her projects. There shouldn't be any need to mess with it.

The cargo-dist step was created by locally running `cargo dist init`, selecting some targets/installers in the interactive prompts, and committing the results. It can be updated by running `cargo dist init` again.

The oranda step was created by running `oranda generate ci`, selecting some of the options, and committing the results. A [custom oranda.json](https://github.com/Gankra/cargo-mommy/blob/main/oranda.json) was then added to fix path-prefix with github-pages, and to pick a non-default theme. The CI is setup to always use the "latest" oranda, so it's self-updating and may never need to be touched. Any changes that are desired will probably be changes to oranda.json.

> The Github Pages step was doing in the Github settings UI for cargo-mommy. The website it deploys to is Gankra's.

Reviewer: Not entirely sure if this is the right edit? It seems good to qualify an explicit reference to the repository per se, even if this is easily inferred, but I don't know if the tense is right.
```suggestion
The Github Pages step was done in the Github Settings UI for the cargo-mommy repo. The website it deploys to is Gankra's.
```
